# Home_Sales
Use SparkSQL to determine key metrics about home sales data by answering the following questions:

# Instructions
1. What is the average price for a four-bedroom house sold for each year? Round off your answer to two decimal places.
2. What is the average price of a home for each year the home was built, that has three bedrooms and three bathrooms? Round off your answer to two decimal places.
3. What is the average price of a home for each year the home was built, that has three bedrooms, three bathrooms, two floors, and is greater than or equal to 2,000 square feet? Round off your answer to two decimal places.
4. What is the average price of a home per "view" rating having an average home price greater than or equal to $350,000? Determine the run time for this query, and round off your answer to two decimal places.

# Additional Requirements:
1. A Spark DataFrame is created from the dataset.
2. A temporary table of the original DataFrame is created.
3. A cache of the temporary "home_sales" table is created and validated.
4. The query is run on the cached temporary table, and the run time is computed.
5. A partition of the home sales dataset by the "date_built" field is created, and the formatted parquet data is read.
6. A temporary table of the parquet data is created.
7. The query is run on the parquet temporary table, and the run time is computed.
8. The "home_sales" temporary table is uncached and verified.

# Repository Contents
- Home_Sales_colab.ipynb
- Read.me

# References
Data for this dataset was generated by edX Boot Camps LLC, and is intended for educational purposes only.
